;      Ending 777    ;

You call the young boy, Olufemi, back into your office and tell him due to the fact that he didn't have time to repent his sins and that ultimately he was charitable and protecting of his family he is worthy of heaven. Tears of joy roll down his face and he runs around the table and hugs your demon belly; you lead him by the hand to the angels. Haniel gives you a nod of recognition as you approach him; at the sight of the angels Olufemi goes quiet in awe of them. He stares up at them with childish wonder in his eyes as the angels grab him by the arm and march him up to the edge of the barrier.

"What did you tell him?" inquires Haniel.

You just look away in response as the boy begins to get confused; his body is pushed up against the glowing wall. He begins to panic and cry as the power hums and resonates all around his body and the angelic escort. In a flash of swirling light and a crackle of lightning Olufemi is pushed through to the other side of the barrier. Dazed and confused he turns and runs back towards you on the other side of the barrier. Tears stream down his face as he bangs against the barrier hoping to get away from the huge monster behind him. The combination of the screams, the flash of light and sensing that the barrier slipped has worked the Grand Demon into a ravenous frenzy. His bright red skin smoulders and flickers like lava from a volcano, his talons long, black, pointed and deadly reach out towards the young boy. He kicks and screams at the giant hand as Krazak tosses him up into the air before catching him in his cavernous mouth of jagged stalactites. 

The Grand Demon sits back on his haunches savouring his first meal in nearly a week. You watch wide-eyed, heart pounding, hoping that you made the right decision. When suddenly Krazak lets out a monumental scream that makes you hold your hands over your ears; looking out at the Grand Demon you notice his pain. At first he begins to clutch at his might chest, and then he starts digging into his flesh and writhing around in pain. A dim white light grows brighter beneath his skin, his bright red skin gets ever more luminous and then begins to crack like glass under a hammer. Rays of pure energy burst from his ribcage, legs, arms and eyes.

The screams are almost unbearable yet you know that the worst is still to come. You see Haniel signal to his angels who follow the command and fly up and brace against the length of the barrier. With one final scream Krazak explodes in a searing ball of white light which sends a shockwave that smoothes the walls of the passage; as it smashes into the barrier, the barrier groans under the pressure but ultimately holds.

As the energy dissipates Haniel lets the barrier fall and the demons celebrate; the millions of souls uncertain of what to do begin to be guided down the cleared passage and into the realm of Hell. The last you see of the angels is them flying above the crowd and back to Heaven via Purgatory. Through the forced sacrifice of a young African boy, named Olufemi, who was destined for Heaven yet fated for Hell has brought order back to the land of the dead.
